4th of July
a car crash
a cheap motel
a dozen red roses   
a full moon   
a haunted house   
a high school bathroom   
a honeymoon   
a locker room   
a morgue   
a nine iron   
a schoolbus   
a sunset   
a treehouse   
a used car lot   
Abraham Lincoln     
Adam Sandler     
Adolf Hitler   
AIDS     
airline food   
Al Pacino   
Albert Einstein   
Alfred Hitchcock   
alien abductions   
Americans   
amputations     
Andy Warhol     
angry hornets   
Anne Frank   
Antarctica     
Anthony Hopkins   
apple pie     
apples      
armed robbery   
assembly lines   
Atlantis     
atomic bombs   
Attack on Pearl Harbor   
audit      
Austin Powers     
Australian outback   
Babe Ruth     
babies      
baby showers   
Backstreet Boys   
bad dogs   
bad haircut   
bagpipes      
baked beans     
baked potatoes     
baking cookies   
bald eagles   
ballerinas   
Bangkok     
bankruptcy      
Barbara Walters     
barbed wire     
barfing   
Barney     
Bart Simpson     
Bates Motel   
Batman     
bats     
beach parties   
Beanie Babies     
Beauty and the Beast     
beer bellies   
Beethoven     
beets     
being in love   
bellbottoms     
Ben Stiller   
Berlin - 1945       
big bang theory   
big business     
Big Macs   
Bigfoot     
Bill Clinton     
Bill Gates     
Bill Murray   
billboards     
bingo      
birdwatching     
black holes   
black velvet     
blizzard      
blood      
board games   
body odor     
body piercing     
body surfing   
bombs     
bonbons     
bongos     
bottled water     
bounty hunters   
boxing      
boy scouts     
boyfriends     
Brad Pitt     
brain surgeons   
brains      
Britney Spears   
Broadway     
Bruce Willis   
bubble gum     
bubbles      
bull fight   
Bullwinkle     
bumper stickers     
bungee jumping     
buying a house   
cabbage      
cactus      
caffeine      
California     
camping trips   
Canada     
Canadians   
Captain Kirk     
car horns   
Carl Sagan     
carnival workers   
Cary Grant   
Casablanca     
casinos   
castles     
caves     
Celine Dion   
cell phones     
Cesar Ch√°vez   
chain letters   
chains     
Challenger explosion   
chameleons     
charging rhinos   
cheesecake      
Cher   
Chicago      
chicken pox     
chickens      
chimpanzees   
China     
Chinatown     
choir boys   
cholesterol      
chorus girls   
Cinco de Mayo     
Cindy Crawford   
Clark Gable   
Claude Monet   
cleaning the bathroom   
Cleopatra     
Clint Eastwood   
clowns      
cockroaches     
coconuts     
cold pizza     
communists     
commuting     
computer hackers   
computers     
Confucius     
conspiracy theories   
construction workers   
corn on the cob     
Corvettes   
Count Dracula   
country music     
cow-pies   
crawl space     
Crazy Horse     
creamed corn     
crystal balls   
Cuba     
cults     
Custer's Last Stand   
Danielle Steele   
Danny DeVito   
dark alleys   
Darth Vader     
dating      
David Letterman   
daytime TV   
Death Valley   
deer hunting   
Demi Moore   
Democrats   
Denzel Washington   
Detroit     
diamonds      
discos   
discovering America   
Disneyland     
divorce      
doctors     
doing the dishes   
Dolly Parton     
Dr. Kevorkian   
Dr. Seuss     
driving off a cliff   
duct tape     
earthquakes     
earwax      
earwigs   
east coast     
Eddie Murphy   
Eleanor Roosevelt   
electric eels   
electricity      
elephants     
Elizabeth Taylor     
Elvis Presley     
email      
Emily Dickinson     
Ernest Hemingway     
Europe     
exorcism      
eyes      
falling down   
family reunions   
family vacations   
family values     
fast food     
feathers      
feminists     
festering wounds   
Fidel Castro     
firefighters   
firestorms   
fireworks      
first man on the moon   
flat tire     
Flipper   
fly fishing     
flying monkeys     
forest fires   
Fort Knox   
Frank Lloyd Wright     
Frank Sinatra     
freckles      
freedom      
French wines   
freshwater pearls   
friction      
fundraising     
funerals     
fur      
fuzz      
gall bladder     
gang members   
Garrison Keillor   
Garth Brooks   
geishas   
General George S. Patton   
genetic engineering     
George W. Bush     
George Washington   
Georgia O'Keefe     
getting a hug   
ghost towns   
ghosts      
giant squid     
Gila monsters   
Ginko trees   
ginseng      
girlfriends   
giving a hug   
glaciers   
glazed donuts   
global warming      
going to church   
going to grandma's   
going to school   
going to the dentist   
going to the gym   
gold chains   
goldfish      
Goldie Hawn   
golf-ball-sized hail   
gossip      
Grace Kelly   
graffiti      
grass skirts   
grave robbers   
gravity      
Greenpeace     
gym teachers   
hair transplants   
hairballs   
Halloween     
hand grenades   
handcuffs     
hangnails   
having a baby   
having an operation   
Hawaii     
Helen Keller     
hiccups     
high school football   
high school reunions   
Hillary Rodham Clinton   
Hiroshima - 1945       
HMOs   
hockey      
Hollywood     
homeless shelters   
Homer Simpson   
homework      
Homphrey Bogart   
hooligans     
horseback riding     
hot lava   
houseguests   
hummingbirds     
icebergs     
in a coma   
incense      
India     
Indiana Jones   
Industrial Revolution     
infomercials     
inside the sun   
intellectuals     
Ireland     
Israel     
Italy     
Jack Nicholson   
Jack the Ripper     
Jackie Chan   
Jacques Cousteau   
Jamaica     
James Bond     
James Dean     
Japan     
Japanese     
jelly beans     
Jennifer Lopez   
Jerry Springer   
Jesse Jackson   
Jesse Ventura   
Jim Carrey   
Jimmy Stewart   
Joan of Arc     
Jodie Foster   
John F Kennedy   
John Glenn     
John Phillip Sousa   
John Travolta   
Judge Judy   
Julia Roberts     
junk mail     
Jupiter      
Katharine Hepburn   
Keanu Reeves   
killer whales   
kilts   
King Arthur     
King Henry VIII   
knock-knock jokes   
labor unions   
Large Mouth Bass   
Las Vegas   
lawyers     
leaf blowers   
leather      
leeches     
lemons      
Lenin's Tomb   
Leonardo da Vinci     
lightning      
loan sharks   
lobster      
local police     
log cabins   
lollipops   
London     
looking for a job   
Los Angeles     
losing your job   
Lucille Ball   
machine guns   
mad cow disease     
Madame Curie   
Madonna     
magic tricks   
Mahatma Gandhi   
Manhattan     
mardi gras     
Mark Twain     
marriage      
Mars      
Martha Stewart   
Martin Luther King, Jr.     
meat cleavers   
meatloaf      
Meg Ryan     
Mel Gibson     
men      
Men in Black   
Meryl Streep     
Mexico     
mice      
Michael Jackson     
Michael Jordan     
Michelangelo   
Michele Pfeifer   
Microsoft     
mid-life crisis   
Mike Tyson   
Miles Davis     
milk      
Milk Duds     
mirrors     
mold      
money      
morticians   
mosquitos     
motorcycles     
Mount Rushmore     
MTV     
mud      
mudslides   
Muhammad Ali   
musicals   
my bank account   
my bathroom   
my bedroom     
my body   
my boss     
my dreams     
my family   
my first kiss   
my friends     
my future   
my hair   
my high school prom   
my job   
my love life   
my mind     
my neighborhood   
my parents' house   
my past   
my personality   
my refrigerator   
my sixteenth birthday   
Napoleon Bonaparte     
NASCAR   
Neil Simon   
New Orleans     
new shoes     
New York City   
Niagara Falls     
Nicholas Cage   
ninjas     
Nobel Peace Prize   
noisy neighbors   
Norman Rockwell   
nuclear power plants   
NYPD     
oil spills   
olive oil      
online shopping   
Oprah Winfrey   
oral surgery   
oranges      
outlet malls   
oxygen      
Pablo Picasso     
parenting     
Paris      
paying bills   
paying taxes   
penguins     
picking your nose   
pigeons     
pigs     
piranha     
pirates      
pitbulls   
plane crashes   
plastic      
playing chess   
poison ivy     
Pokemon     
pond scum   
poodles     
popcorn      
Porsche Boxster   
postal workers   
power tools     
Prince Charming     
Princess Di   
pro wrestling   
psychiatrists     
psychics   
public radio   
Puff Daddy   
pulling weeds   
pumping iron     
pushups   
pyromaniacs   
Quentin Tarantino     
quicksand      
ragweed     
rain       
rainbows     
rappers   
reading a book   
recreational vehicles   
recycling     
red raspberries   
rednecks     
redwood forests   
reggae music   
Regis Philbin   
remote controls   
republicans     
Richard Nixon     
road trips   
roadkill      
Robert De Niro   
Robin Williams   
rock and roll      
rock concert   
rocket scientists   
Rocky Mountains     
rolling the car   
Roman numberals   
Romeo and Juliet   
root beer floats   
Rosa Parks     
Rosie O'Donnell   
rubber gloves     
running a marathon   
Rush Limbaugh     
Russia     
rust      
Saddam Hussein   
sailors     
salads     
salsa dancing   
Salvador Dali     
Samuel L. Jackson   
San Francisco     
Saturday cartoons   
Saturn      
scavenger hunts   
scene of the crime     
Schindler's List   
school cafeteria   
science fair projects   
science fiction      
screeching      
Sean Connery   
secret societies   
Shania Twain   
sharks     
shopping malls   
silk      
silly putty     
six pack     
skateboarding     
skiing      
skunks     
skydiving     
sleeping pills   
slivers     
sloppy joes   
snakes     
snow      
social security     
socks      
South Africa     
South Park     
soy sauce     
spam      
speeding tickets   
spiders      
Spike Lee   
spilled milk   
spit      
spontaneous combustion    
sport utility vehicles   
sports channels   
star fruit    
Starry Night   
state fairs   
steak and potatoes   
Stephen King    
Steve Martin   
Steven Spielberg   
Stonehenge    
strawberry shortcake    
stubbed toes   
stun guns   
stunt people   
summer camp    
Sunday drivers   
Superman    
supermodels   
surfing the net   
sushi    
Swiss bank accounts   
Swiss cheese    
Swiss chocolate   
taking a bath   
talk radio   
teachers    
telemarketers    
televange    
television    
telling the truth   
Thanksgiving Day    
The  1920s   
The  1950s   
The  1960s   
the  1970s   
The  1080s   
The  21st century   
The Academy Awards   
the beach     
The Beatles   
the CIA   
The Cold War   
the common loon   
The Dallas Cowboys   
the dump   
The Eiffel Tower   
the electric chair   
the end of the world   
the everglades   
the far left   
the far right   
The FBI   
the first day of school   
The French Riviera   
The Godfather   
The Grand Canyon   
The Grateful Dead    
The Great Chicago Fire   
The Great Depression   
The Green Bay Packers   
The Gulf War   
The Indy 500      
The Internet   
The IRS   
The JFK Assassination   
The Land of Oz   
The Little Mermaid   
the mafia   
The Marx Brothers   
The Metric System   
The Midwest   
The Milky Way   
The Mississippi River   
The National Enquirer   
The NRA   
The NY Yankees   
the ocean   
The Old Man and the Sea   
The Olympics   
the opera   
the ozone layer    
The Pentagon    
the pyramids   
The Renaissance   
The Rolling Stones    
The San Andreas Fault   
The Smithsonian Institution   
The South   
The Statue of Liberty   
the sunrise   
The Super Bowl   
The Supreme Court   
The Three Tenors   
The Titanic    
the universe    
The Vatican   
The Vietnam Memorial   
The Williams Sisters   
The Wright Brothers   
The YMCA   
Thomas Edison   
thunder    
Tibet    
ticks   
tidal waves   
Tiger Woods   
toasters   
toates marshmallows   
toes    
Tom Cruise   
Tom Hanks   
top of a roller coaster   
tornadoes    
toys    
trailer parks   
trampolines   
tree huggers   
truck stops   
Tyrannosaurus Rex   
underwear    
United Nations    
UV rays   
vacation    
vampires    
Victorian England   
video games    
Vietnam - 1968        
Vincent Van Gogh   
violins    
VW Beetles   
Waco, Texas   
Wall Street   
Walt Disney    
warts    
watching football   
water beds   
water parks   
waterfalls    
watermelons    
weddings   
wheat    
Wheel of Fortune    
whipped cream    
whips    
Whoopi Goldberg   
Will Smith   
William Shakespeare    
Wimbledon    
wind surfing   
wine tasting    
winning the lottery   
witch hunts   
women   
women's soccer   
wood chippers   
Woodstock    
Woody Allen    
worms   
X-ray vision 
X-rays   
Yellowston Park   
zen 
zucchini